Add support for ruff (#82)
ansible-community/antsibull-nox: docs/config-file.md

  By default the formatters and linters run on code files in `plugins/`, `tests/unit/`, and on `noxfile.py`.
  If you have other scripts in your collection that should be checked, you can add them with this option.

* `ruff_config: str | os.PathLike | None` (default `None`):

>   Allows to specify a config file for `ruff`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Specifies a config file for `ruff`.
```

>   Use a relative path to `noxfile.py`.

Reviewer: I see this is the phrasing throughout the doc so I won't make a suggestion on this instance. Although I think it could be a little clearer.

Is this saying that the value should be the location of a ruff configuration that is relative to the project noxfile.py?

Author: Yes.

Maybe
```suggestion
  Use a path relative to `noxfile.py`.
```
is already better?

>   This config file will be used for all `ruff` checks,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This config file applies to all `ruff` checks
```

>   unless more specific config file settings are provided for specific `ruff` invocations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  but can be overridden for specific `ruff` invocations.
```

>   Note that right now antsibull-nox will not supply any default config file,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Note that antsibull-nox does not currently supply a default config file,
```

* `ruff_format_config: str | os.PathLike | None` (default `None`):
  Allows to specify a config file.
  Use a relative path to `noxfile.py`.

>   Will fall back to `ruff_config` if set to `None`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Falls back to `ruff_config` if set to `None`.
```

* `ruff_autofix_config: str | os.PathLike | None` (default `None`):
  Allows to specify a config file.
  Use a relative path to `noxfile.py`.

>   Will fall back to `ruff_config` if set to `None`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Falls back to `ruff_config` if set to `None`.
```

  or to pin the version,
  or to install the package from a local repository.

* `ruff_autofix_select: list[str]` (default `[]`):
  Selects which rules to fix.
  Will be passed with `--select`.

>   An empty list will pass no `--select`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  An empty list passes no `--select` option
```

>   which runs all available fixers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and runs all available fixers.
```

* `ruff_check_config: str | os.PathLike | None` (default `None`):
  Allows to specify a config file.
  Use a relative path to `noxfile.py`.

>   Will fall back to `ruff_config` if set to `None`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Falls back to `ruff_config` if set to `None`.
```
